Document monitoring.cluster_uuid setting (#13999)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/monitoring/monitoring-internal-collection.asciidoc

--------------------
monitoring:
  enabled: true
  cluster_uuid: PRODUCTION_ES_CLUSTER_UUID <1>
  elasticsearch:
    hosts: ["https://example.com:9200", "https://example2.com:9200"] <2>
    username: {beat_monitoring_user}
    password: somepassword
--------------------

> <1> This setting identifies the Elasticsearch cluster under which the

Reviewer: Link to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.4/cluster-stats.html perhaps? It would be nice to give a user a quick reference to how to get this UUID.

Author: Agreed but I'm not sure linking to the Cluster Stats API is the best since it also returns a lot of other information. The simplest API a user could call would be `GET /` but it doesn't look we document that one. So I'm thinking we just mention the API call here itself. WDYT?

Reviewer: Yes, I think just mentioning it would be fine. Thanks!

Author: Added in 53ef7d4. Let me know what you think.

--------------------
monitoring:
  enabled: true
  cluster_uuid: PRODUCTION_ES_CLUSTER_UUID <1>
  elasticsearch:
    hosts: ["https://example.com:9200", "https://example2.com:9200"] <2>
    username: {beat_monitoring_user}
    password: somepassword
--------------------

> <1> This setting identifies the Elasticsearch cluster under which the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> This setting identifies the {es} cluster under which the
```

monitoring data for this {beatname_uc} instance will appear in the

> Stack Monitoring UI. An Elasticsearch cluster's `cluster_uuid` can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stack Monitoring UI. To get a cluster's `cluster_uuid`,
```

> determined by calling the `GET /` API against that cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
call the `GET /` API against that cluster.
```
